File Name                               Description
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INSTALL                                 Installation guide
MANIFEST                                This shipping list
Makefile.in                             The top-level Makefile
NEWS                                    Release history for WebAuth
README                                  Basic information about WebAuth
config.h.in                             Template for configure information
configure                               Script to configure WebAuth
configure.ac                            Source file for configure
doc                                     WebAuth documentation (Directory)
doc/doxygen.cfg                         Doxygen configuration file
doc/install-webkdc                      WebKDC -- installation guide
doc/mod_webauth.html.en                 Prebuilt version of mod_webauth.xml
doc/mod_webauth.xml                     WebAuth Apache module documentation
doc/mod_webkdc.html.en                  Prebuilt version of mod_webkdc.xml
doc/mod_webkdc.xml                      WebKDC -- Apache module documentation
doc/old                                 Obsolete documentation (Directory)
doc/old/addEncryptionKey.rng            Obsolete documentation
doc/old/addKeyResponse.rng              Obsolete documentation
doc/old/auth-post                       Obsolete documentation
doc/old/cookie-formats                  Obsolete documentation
doc/old/credAuthResponse.rng            Obsolete documentation
doc/old/encryptedCredAuth.rng           Obsolete documentation
doc/old/encryptedCredAuth.xsd           Obsolete documentation
doc/old/errorResponse.rng               Obsolete documentation
doc/old/passwordAuthResponse.rng        Obsolete documentation
doc/old/preauth-get                     Obsolete documentation
doc/old/protocol-overview               Obsolete documentation
doc/old/sendEncryptionKeys.rng          Obsolete documentation
doc/old/sendKeysResponse.rng            Obsolete documentation
doc/old/skel.rng                        Obsolete documentation
doc/old/skel.xsd                        Obsolete documentation
doc/old/userPasswordAuth.rng            Obsolete documentation
doc/old/userPasswordAuth.xsd            Obsolete documentation
doc/old/webkdc-implementation           Obsolete documentation
doc/old/webkdc-protocol                 Obsolete documentation
doc/test-plan                           How to test a WebAuth server
doc/userauth                            Basic user authentication with WebAuth
doc/webauth.conf                        Sample WebAuth Apache configuration
doc/webauthv3_spec.html                 WebAuth protocol documentation
m4                                      Additional Autoconf macros (Directory)
m4/apache.m4                            Probes for Apache
m4/curl.m4                              Probes for cURL
m4/int32.m4                             Probes for int32_t and uint32_t
m4/krb5.m4                              Probes for Kerberos v5
m4/libtool.m4                           Probes for library build support
m4/ssl.m4                               Probes for OpenSSL characteristics
src                                     WebAuth source code (Directory)
src/Makefile.in                         Makefile for WebAuth source
src/bindings                            WebAuth language bindings (Directory)
src/bindings/Makefile.in                Makefile for language bindings
src/bindings/perl                       WebAuth Perl bindings (Directory)
src/bindings/perl/Makefile.in           Makefile for Perl bindings
src/bindings/perl/WebAuth3              Perl WebAuth module (Directory)
src/bindings/perl/WebAuth3/MANIFEST       Perl module manifest
src/bindings/perl/WebAuth3/MANIFEST.SKIP  Perl module manifest exclusions
src/bindings/perl/WebAuth3/Makefile.PL.in Perl module build instructions
src/bindings/perl/WebAuth3/README         Perl module documentation
src/bindings/perl/WebAuth3/WebAuth3.pm    Base Perl interface
src/bindings/perl/WebAuth3/WebAuth3.xs    Perl to libwebauth bindings
src/bindings/perl/WebAuth3/test.pl        Tests for Perl module
src/bindings/perl/WebAuth3/typemap        Type mapping for Perl bindings
src/libwebauth                          The WebAuth library (Directory)
src/libwebauth/Makefile.in              Makefile for WebAuth library
src/libwebauth/attrs.c                  Token attribute handling
src/libwebauth/base64.c                 Base64 encoding and decoding
src/libwebauth/key.c                    Key handling
src/libwebauth/krb5.c                   Kerberos v5 interface
src/libwebauth/misc.c                   Utility functions
src/libwebauth/random.c                 Random number handling
src/libwebauth/token.c                  WebAuth token handling
src/libwebauth/webauth.h.in             Library interface
src/libwebauth/webauthp.h               Internal library interface
src/modules                             WebAuth Apache modules (Directory)
src/modules/Makefile.in                 Makefile for Apache modules
src/modules/webauth                     Base WebAuth module (Directory)
src/modules/webauth/Makefile.in         Makefile for base module
src/modules/webauth/mod_webauth.c       Implementation of base module
src/modules/webauth/mod_webauth.h       Internal API for base module
src/modules/webauth/util.c              Utility functions for base module
src/modules/webauth/webkdc.c            Interface to the WebKDC
src/modules/webkdc                      WebKDC -- Apache module (Directory)
src/modules/webkdc/Makefile.in          WebKDC -- Makefile for module
src/modules/webkdc/acl.c                WebKDC -- ACL file handling
src/modules/webkdc/mod_webkdc.c         WebKDC -- Module implementation
src/modules/webkdc/mod_webkdc.h         WebKDC -- Internal API
src/modules/webkdc/token.acl            WebKDC -- Sample ACL file
src/modules/webkdc/util.c               WebKDC -- Utility functions
src/utils                               WebAuth utility programs (Directory)
src/utils/Makefile.in                   Makefile for utility programs
src/utils/wa_keyring.c                  Manipulate the server keyring
src/utils/wa_keyring.pod                Documentation for wa_keyring
src/webkdc                              WebKDC -- Perl login server (Directory)
src/webkdc/Makefile.in                  WebKDC -- Makefile for login server
src/webkdc/WebKDC                       WebKDC -- Perl modules (Directory)
src/webkdc/WebKDC.pm                    WebKDC -- Base module
src/webkdc/WebKDC/Token.pm              WebKDC -- Token handling
src/webkdc/WebKDC/WebKDCException.pm    WebKDC -- Exception handling
src/webkdc/WebKDC/WebRequest.pm         WebKDC -- Handle incoming request
src/webkdc/WebKDC/WebResponse.pm        WebKDC -- Send outgoing response
src/webkdc/WebKDC/XmlDoc.pm             WebKDC -- XML parsing
src/webkdc/WebKDC/XmlElement.pm         WebKDC -- XML element handling
src/webkdc/images                       WebKDC -- Login images (Directory)
src/webkdc/images/gateway1.gif          WebKDC -- Login images
src/webkdc/images/gateway1.open.gif     WebKDC -- Login images
src/webkdc/login.fcgi                   WebKDC -- FastCGI login server
src/webkdc/logout.fcgi                  WebKDC -- FastCGI logout page
src/webkdc/templates                    WebKDC -- Login templates (Directory)
src/webkdc/templates/confirm.tmpl       WebKDC -- Login server page templates
src/webkdc/templates/error.tmpl         WebKDC -- Login server page templates
src/webkdc/templates/help.html          WebKDC -- Login server page templates
src/webkdc/templates/login.tmpl         WebKDC -- Login server page templates
src/webkdc/templates/logout.tmpl        WebKDC -- Login server page templates
tests                                   WebAuth test suite (Directory)
tests/Makefile.in                       Makefile for test suite
tests/TESTS                             List of individual tests
tests/libwebauth                        WebAuth library tests (Directory)
tests/libwebauth/Makefile.in            Makefile for library tests
tests/libwebauth/attrs_test.c           Test attribute handling
tests/libwebauth/base64_test.c          Test base64 encoding and decoding
tests/libwebauth/hex_test.c             Test hex encoding and decoding
tests/libwebauth/key_test.c             Test key handling
tests/libwebauth/krb5_test.c            Test Kerberos v5 support
tests/libwebauth/random_test.c          Test random numbe rhandling
tests/libwebauth/token_test.c           Test WebAuth token handling
tests/libwebauth/webauthtest.h          Utilities for test programs
tests/mod_webauth                       Test the WebAuth module (Directory)
tests/mod_webauth/conf                  WebAuth test configuration (Directory)
tests/mod_webauth/conf/webauth-tests.conf        Test configuration
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs                         Module tests (Directory)
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests                   Module tests (Directory)
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth              Module tests (Directory)
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/logout       WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test1        WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test10       WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test2        WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test2return  WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test3        WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test4        WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test5        WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test5return  WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test6        WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test6return  WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test7        WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test7return  WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test8        WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test8return  WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/test9        WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/auth/util.pl      WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/index.html        WebAuth module tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/php               WebAuth PHP tests (Directory)
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/php/test1.php     WebAuth PHP tests
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/unauth            Module tests (Directory)
tests/mod_webauth/htdocs/tests/unauth/test4      WebAuth module tests
tests/runtests.c                        Test suite driver
tools                                   Build system tools (Directory)
tools/config.guess                      Platform detection
tools/config.sub                        Platform canonicalization
tools/install-sh                        Installation shell script
tools/ltmain.sh                         Base libtool script
tools/makedepend                        Generate dependencies
tools/mkmanifest                        Generate an initial manifest
