The files in this directory are sample configuration files for the WebAuth
modules.  They are suitable for being copied into the conf subdirectory of
your Apache installation root, edited for your local purposes, and then
included via the Include command from httpd.conf.

The files in the debian subdirectory are the configuration files used by
the Debian packages and installed into /etc/apache2.

The files beginning with sample-* are the same as the minimal
configuration information given in INSTALL, but with comments explaining
each step.

The files beginning with stanford-* are configuration specific to Stanford
University's WebAuth setup.  If you are at Stanford and you are not using
Debian or Ubuntu, you should be able to just copy these configuration
files into the conf subdirectory of your Apache installation root and then
add:

    Include conf/stanford-webauth.conf
    Include conf/stanford-ldap.conf

in your httpd.conf to activate both mod_webauth and mod_webauthldap.  If
you only want mod_webauth, omit the second Include directive.  Note that
this just loads and configures the modules; you will still need to add
directives to <Location> or <Directory> containers or .htaccess files as
appropriate to restrict access, require authentication, or perform LDAP
queries.

If you are using Debian or Ubuntu, you probably want to install the
packages that come with the operating system and follow the instructions
in /usr/share/doc/libapache2-webauth/README.Debian instead.

-----

Copyright 2003, 2004, 2009
    The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford Junior University

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification, are
permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright notice and
this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is, without any
warranty.
