WebAuth Server General Authentication and Authorization

Activating general authentication in a Webauth server is as simple as adding
the following two lines:

    AuthType WebAuth
    Require valid-user

in the appropriate part of the Webauth server configuration file.
This will require that the user's of the server authenticate using the
central authentication system within which the Webauth server
operates.

Authentication controls for WebAuth match the basic authentication
controls within Apache.  Control directives can be asserted from
within Location and Directory containers.  For example, to require
Webauth authentication for all documents being served from a Webauth
server:

     <Location / >
       AuthType WebAuth
       Require valid-user
     </Location>
or 
     <Directory /webroot/ >
       AuthType WebAuth
       Require valid-user
      </Directory>

could be placed in the server configuration file.  Just as with basic
authentication directives in Apache, the Webauth restrictions applied
recurse downward through the document tree.

Just as in basic authentication in Apache, the require directive can
be also placed into an access control file (typically a file named
.htaccess within most server configurations) within the document tree
that the server is serving.  For example, the entire server could be
set up to require authentication (see above) but further restrictions
could be placed on file access within a sub-directory.  For example,
to limit the subdirectory /webroot/personal/jdoe so that only the user
id jdoe can access it, the following lines could be placed in an
access control file in the /webroot/personal/jdoe directory:

  AuthType WebAuth
  Require user jdoe

Any user id other than jdoe attempting to access files in the
/webroot/personal/jdoe directory (or any subdirectories below it) will
be forbidden access.

The Webauth require directive will interoperate with host/domain
directive controls.  This allows for access to be granted either based
on from what machine the user is browsing (host/domain identification)
or from the user's ability to uniquely authentication themselves
(Webauth user authentication).  This is done using Apache's satisfy
directive.  For example, to limit access to the directory
/webroot/personal/jdoe so that anyone can access the files within that
directory from a machine in the stanford.edu domain OR if the user can
authenticate as jdoe, the following lines would be in an access
control file in the /webroot/personal/jdoe directory:

  AuthType WebAuth
  Require user jdoe
  Order deny,allow
  Deny from all
  Allow from stanford.edu
  Satisfy any

Further Documentation

Webauth v3 documentation is located here [URL] Installations
instructions are here [URL] Configuration directives are described in
detail in the reference  manual [URL].
